Added docs for athena & snowflake (#1777)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/deployment/plugin_setup/webapi/snowflake.rst

.. _deployment-plugin-setup-webapi-snowflake:

Snowflake Plugin Setup
----------------------

> This guide gives an overview of how to set up the Snowflake in your Flyte deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide gives an overview of how to set up Snowflake in your Flyte deployment.
```

> 

Reviewer: Do we also have to include the other two steps—cloning the Flytesnacks repo and starting the sandbox?

Author: yes

Author: some plugins will not work on the sandbox.

Reviewer: Will Snowflake work or will it not work?

Author: Snowflake will work

1. Create a file named ``values-snowflake.yaml`` and add the following config to it:

.. code-block::

    configmap:
      enabled_plugins:
        # -- Tasks specific configuration [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#GetConfig)
        tasks:
          # -- Plugins configuration, [structure](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flytepropeller/pkg/controller/nodes/task/config#TaskPluginConfig)
          task-plugins:
            # -- [Enabled Plugins](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flyteorg/flyteplugins/go/tasks/config#Config). Enable sagemaker*, athena if you install the backend
            # plugins
            enabled-plugins:
              - container
              - sidecar
              - k8s-array
              - snowflake
            default-for-task-types:
              container: container
              sidecar: sidecar
              container_array: k8s-array
              snowflake: snowflake

> 2. Create a trial account in snowflake.com and follow the docs for creating API key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a trial Snowflake account and follow the docs for creating an API key.
```

> 3. Add snowflake JWT token to Flytepropeller. `here <https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/sql-api/guide.html#using-key-pair-authentication>`_ to see more detail to setup snowflake JWT token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add snowflake JWT token to FlytePropeller. Refer to the `Snowflake docs <https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/sql-api/guide.html#using-key-pair-authentication>`__ to understand setting up the Snowflake JWT token.
```

.. code-block:: bash

    kubectl edit secret -n flyte flyte-propeller-auth

> Configuration will be like below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration will look as follows:
```

> .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: yaml
```

    apiVersion: v1
    data:
      FLYTE_SNOWFLAKE_CLIENT_TOKEN: <JWT_TOKEN>
      client_secret: Zm9vYmFy
    kind: Secret
    metadata:
      annotations:
        meta.helm.sh/release-name: flyte
        meta.helm.sh/release-namespace: flyte
    ...

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace ``<JWT_TOKEN>`` with your JWT token.
```

.. _deployment-plugin-setup-webapi-snowflake:

Snowflake Plugin Setup
----------------------

This guide gives an overview of how to set up Snowflake in your Flyte deployment.

1. First, clone the Flytesnacks repo. This is where we have the example.

   .. code-block:: bash

      git clone https://github.com/flyteorg/flytesnacks.git

2. Start the Flyte sandbox for testing.

   .. code-block:: bash

>       // NOTE: MPI plugin is only available in v0.18.0+ flyte release.

Reviewer: Can we remove this?
